Registration Agreement

READ CAREFULLY, THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT.

This Agreement is made between the Student and the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia by an on behalf
of Georgia State University ('Georgia State').In exchange for the opportunity to enroll in courses at Georgia State, to
receive educational services from Georgia State, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, I understand and agree to the following terms and conditions:

Terms and Conditions

I understand and agree:

1. That my eligibility to enroll in courses at Georgia State is expressly conditioned upon acceptance of all 
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. To pay all tuition and fees when due to Georgia State (including, but not limited to, tuition, mandatory 
student fees and University Housing fees).

3. That I am personally responsible for payment of all sums when due regardless of my eligibility for 
financial aid or other financial assistance;

4. That my failure to pay any sums when due to Georgia State may result in late fees, interest in the 
amount of 1.5% per month, and the submission of my account for collection, in which event I agree to
pay all late fees, interest and costs of collection, including reasonable attorney's fees;

5. That failure to pay any sums when due to Georgia State will result in the placement of a hold on my 
student account until the account and all costs of collection, including payment of reasonable
attorney's fees, has been paid. I understand that a hold on my student account will prevent me from
receiving grades, registering for courses, receiving a diploma and obtaining transcripts;

6. That Georgia State will deliver my IRS Form 1098-T electronically every year I have reportable 
transactions, and that I may view and print my IRS Form 1098-T by logging into PAWS; and

7. That I am subject to and responsible for complying with all Georgia State policies and procedures.

8. That this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia without regard to choice of 
law provisions. I further agree that all actions and proceeding arising out of this Agreement will be filed
and litigated exclusively in the appropriate state or federal courts in Atlanta, Georgia and I expressly
agree to the jurisdiction of such courts.

9. That knowingly and willfully making any material false statement in documents I submit to Georgia 
State may subject me to prosecution in a court of law for false swearing in accordance with O.C.G.A.
ยง16-10-71 which provides that a person convicted of the offense shall be punished by a fine of not
more than $1,000 or by imprisonment for not less than one nor more than five years, or both. I further
understand than such false statements may subject me to immediate dismissal from the institution.